Update README.md to explain the watch behaviour of childResource (#380)
vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime: README.md

- creating/updating/deleting the child resource based on the desired state
- setting the owner reference on the child resource (when not using a finalizer)
- logging the reconcilers activities

> - reconciling the parent resource whenever the child mutates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- enqueuing the parent resource for reconciliation when the child is mutated
```
